Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Come on. Let's go.
Wow.
Can I have it?
No.
That's too expensive.
We have to save
till we get to New York.
You really think
we're gonna make it?
Yeah.
we're gonna make it.
What if he finds us.
beats us again.
and locks us in the basement?
Hey. Butthead.
Hey.
That life is over now. okay?
You're safe.
Hey. look at this.
You got a tattoo?
Yeah. it's cool. right?
No one's gonna
cage us ever again.
I promise.
All right. come on. Let's go.
It's him.
It's him. It's him.
Saw two girls come in here.
Where the fuck are they?
In the back.
Quiet.
Girls.
come on out.
I promise I'm not mad.
I know things have been hard
since Mom died.
but we're a family.
We gotta stick
together. right?
-Hey!
-Go. go!
Stop!
Come here.
Cut them off!
You stupid little bitch.
What you gonna do.
shoot your own father?
You'll never
touch her again.
I can't let you take her.
Get the fuck back.
...reconsider
any non-essential travel.
There is a severe weather
warning coming through.
It is not safe out there.
May I help you?
Hi.
I'm Isabelle Davison.
the new maid.
I spoke with
the superintendent
a few days ago.
That'd be me. Lily Woodhouse.
It's a pleasure to meet you
in the flesh. Isabelle.
Do you have any ID?
Yeah. Of course.
You sound different.
I'm getting over a cold.
Hmm.
♪ Oh. I'm... ♪
♪ ...so lonely.
lonely for you ♪
That's a lot of locks.
Mementos from olden times.
The Virgil was built in 1923.
The neighborhood
was different then.
full of criminals
and vagrants.
People vanished
in broad daylight.
No one cared.
Then came gentrification.
Now it's all coffee shops
and hipster bars.
Today. the Virgil
is one of the most
exclusive buildings
in Manhattan.
I must ask you
to surrender your phone
while you're on the premises.
Seriously?
Our residents require
absolute privacy.
Is this her?
Isabelle. our new maid.
Allow me to introduce
Miss Sharon.
owner of Eternus.
the fastest-growing
anti-aging cosmetics.
Dr. Sheapman
and his wife Anne.
our favorite residents.
Oh. my goodness.
You are soaking wet.
You must be freezing.
We need you strong.
Oh. I...
That's really not necessary.
Nonsense.
It looks great on you.
Just give it back to me later.
What happened to your eye?
Fell in the shower.
There's no shame in admitting
you're in trouble.
This is a safe space.
They say the eyes
are the windows to the soul.
Yours must be sad.
You'll have
to excuse my wife.
She's a writer.
The first floor
is reserved for service staff.
How long have
you been working here?
Seems like an eternity.
Ladies.
Oh. give me a moment.
-Okay.
-I have a new offering.
Hmm?
Hi. Piggy.
Excuse me?
That was not polite. Damian.
What are they celebrating?
Oh. it's a small tradition.
One of our maids
will be rewarded
tonight for her dedication.
These people
came here with nothing.
They were broken and lost.
I gave them a place to belong.
Ah. this is you.
Ray. what are you doing
in there?
Picking up the trash.
I believe I told you.
Steer clear
of the new arrivals.
And I thought I told you
to leave me the fuck alone.
Well. I'm afraid
I can't do that.
I'm still your boss.
And your wife.
-Love ya.
-Fuck off.
Sorry about that.
My husband drinks too much
and says crazy things.
Leaves stuff around
that frightens people.
If you find anything unusual.
just ignore it.
Tomorrow. I'll get you a key
and show you
the rest of the building.
Sweet dreams.
God.
Oh. shit.
Shit.
Hello?
Mm.
She's out.
He's out too.
Why didn't he wait for us?
I'm telling you.
he fucks them.
Fucking pervert.
I know.
Chaps.
My jacket.
Oh. there's a stain.
What happened?
This bitch
knocked out Bob.
What the... Oh!
Motherfucking shit!
What the fuck was that?
Isabelle. what are you doing?
This is ridiculous.
Just come out.
Fuck you.
you fucking cocksuckers!
Hmm.
Oh. for crying out loud.
Come on. guys.
It's just one girl.
Tell that to Bob.
Gotcha.
Who are you?
I can't understand
what you're saying.
That was unexpected.
Something tells me you weren't
entirely honest with me.
Well. neither were you.
I guess we're both liars.
I have... questions.
Answer mine first.
Who...
the fuck...
are you?
Ten years ago.
I made the biggest
mistake of my life.
I should have
protected my sister.
but I panicked. and I ran.
It was the last time
I saw her.
That fucker survived.
Maria got put back
in his custody.
I got caught. eventually.
You okay?
Now it's time
to make things right.
Get her.
Yeah.
I've heard this 1.000 times.
You got a parole hearing
coming up.
You should lay low.
Did I hire you for advice?
Last known photo.
Maria Reaves.
Taken at a New Jersey motel
before she disappeared.
I tracked her phone
to the last place it worked.
An exclusive co-op building.
uptown Manhattan.
Virgil.
Virgil's got a sketchy rep.
Some folks
they hire go missing.
Mostly minorities. illegals.
people off the street.
So what are you saying?
She. um...
Your sister is in trouble.
Cops won't look too hard.
especially
with the rich involved.
Get this.
I talked to some
cleaning ladies
that knew Maria.
A few days ago.
one of them got a call
from that
building manager. Lily.
She offered her
a gig as a maid.
No shit.
She starts next month.
What's her name?
Isabelle Davison?
Yes?
My name...
is Asia Reaves.
And I have come
for my sister Maria.
Now. I don't know
what the fuck
is going on in here.
But I know one thing.
If she's alive.
give her to me.
and pray
I am in a forgiving mood.
'Cause if she's dead...
You're an avenger.
That explains a lot.
You must love
your sister very much
to risk your life for her.
Where is she?
I'd like to help you.
But I too have a family
to care for.
A rather unusual family
with rather unusual needs.
Just a flesh wound.
Get the blade!
Oh. my...
I got her. Mrs. Lily!
I got her!
Oh. Asia. come on.
Stop it!
Killing us
won't help you.
Just give up.
Yeah. give up.
What have you done to my mom.
you bitch?
Shut up!
I killed all of you...
Fucking broad!
You little shit!
Get up!
Sophia. dear.
when you resurrect.
please remember
to clean up the blood.
Yes. Mrs. Lily.
What the fuck is going on?
Asia. the building's locked down.
You can't escape.
Be reasonable. Open the door.
Fuck you.
Have it your way.
You're not the first.
You won't be the last.
Nobody gets out of here alive.
What the fucking...
Steve.
break this goddamn door open.
No! No!
Come on.
Yes!
No one needs to know.
It happens quickly and quietly
before tonight's ceremony.
You think
we can hide this?
Your job is to find someone
nice and helpless.
seem nice or helpless to you?
Kevin. darling.
how is it possible
that five of you
couldn't capture one girl?
She was armed!
- And you're immortal!
- It still hurts!
Pull it together.
We owe an offering tonight.
We have to find her.
What about her sister?
Did you hear that?
Hear what? No.
Didn't hear anything.
Ah.
Get her!
Don't kill her!
I'll just
cut her up a bit.
Gotcha.
I warned you.
Running is pointless.
You could have
avoided the pain.
Eat shit!
What the fuck are you doing?
We need her alive!
I'm gonna tear you apart.
bitch!
Are you ready to die?
Leave me alone. bitch!
Wrong way!
Fucking die!
Oh. I'm sick
of you killing me!
And stay dead. bitch!
Get away from me!
What the hell? Oh. my God!
You didn't
get my message.
On the fucking mirror.
What the fuck
is going on here?
The shit you're in is deeper
than you can imagine.
This building
is a temple for Satan.
It's been around
for 100 years.
but the family's roots
go back much further.
Our founders discovered
a way to communicate
with the other side
through a sacred conduit.
They made a deal.
Immortality.
In exchange
for human sacrifices.
As long as your name
is on the list.
you cannot die.
Most of the members
are rich assholes
with the power to protect
Virgil's secrets.
They lure in poor bastards
like you...
Virgil was built in 1923.
...just to turn them
into offerings.
But once in a while.
the chosen few are spared
and given the chance
to join the family.
I'm so glad
we didn't kill you.
It is so hard
to find good help.
Bust your ass.
and you might
climb up the ladder.
Like Lily.
Fuck up.
and your name will be erased
from the list.
making you mortal again.
Fuck me!
Aptly put.
Because tonight.
you are the offering.
Wait. wait!
I blew this bitch's head off.
and she still came after me.
How do you kill them?
Did you
even listen to me?
While they're on the list.
you can't.
You can only slow them down
for a few seconds.
maybe a minute.
depending on the damage.
She'll grow it back.
They always come back.
What if I chop them
into a thousand pieces
and set them on fire?
Even if
there's one piece left.
even a slice of skin
will still keep
living on its own.
What the hell is this place?
Fuck floor.
Immortality gets boring
after a while.
So each floor caters
to a different vice.
If you're one of them.
why are you helping me?
I have my reasons.
Hold your fire.
Why did you lock me in here?
Maria?
I thought you were dead.
I thought you were in prison.
What are you doing here?
I came here to save you.
Butthead.
This whole building.
it's. like...
it's a satanic cult.
They have human sacrifices.
I know.
You know?
Yeah.
Come on. Let's go.
I don't get it.
I found you on the streets.
I give you shelter
and a good job.
Why would you
tell the other girls I am.
and I quote.
"a fucking asshole"?
I'm very grateful
for everything
No. no. you're not.
I am.
Here's the thing. I...
I want to believe you.
But it's just words. y'know.
And as we've just established.
you can't really trust
what people are saying.
Now. if you could do something
to prove you're grateful.
well. maybe then
I would believe you.
It doesn't appear so.
but it's your lucky day.
Ordinarily.
we'd slit your throat
in the name of our Lord.
but one of our maids
was just caught stealing.
You could take her place.
Finally stop struggling
and have a home
where you belong.
We'll take care of you.
Understand?
Splendid.
This is my home now.
I'm not going
anywhere with you.
Well. I'm not leaving
without you.
You already have.
What? Do you think I need you?
When I was a kid.
I needed you.
The night you abandoned me.
While you were in prison
and our piece-of-shit father
was beating
the crap out of me.
I really needed you.
But you are too late now.
I don't need you.
Wow!
Go ahead and run.
Try not to get
caught this time.
Do you have any idea
what I went through
to find you?
I don't care.
Fuck you.
-No. Fuck you.
-No. bitch. Fuck you.
Fuck you!
Family reunions
can be challenging.
This changes nothing.
She's coming with me
whether she wants to or not.
You don't understand.
It's not that simple for her.
I don't care.
How do you get out of here?
This whole building
was designed
to be a death trap.
All the windows
are shatterproof.
You've seen the locks
on the front door.
Now. there is one way out.
It's a fire escape ladder
off the roof.
But you have to go through
the ninth floor.
and that's the last place
you want to be.
Oh. hell. I'll help you.
I'm done with this shit.
Mmm.
You little son of a bitch!
Hey! Have you seen her?
Hey!
Shit! Fuck!
What happened to your head?
What? I don't understand.
You...
What...
Oh! Fuck floor!
She's found her sister.
You!
Come on!
Wait! Holy...
Fucking bitch!
That is it.
I'm done fucking around.
We need everyone.
-Wait a minute.
-Not even a discussion.
You fucking traitor.
Go.
Just tell me one thing.
Why?
I'm tired of paying
the bill with blood. Lily.
Didn't bother you
for 100 years.
Back in the day. when this
neighborhood was a shithole...
I convinced myself that
we were making things better
by taking the scum
off the streets.
But now...
our victims are good people.
There's nothing good
about that girl.
Oh. yeah? And what about
the previous one
and the one before?
There's nothing good
about them. too?
The world is not fair. Ray.
I did not make it so.
Shall I remind you
what it was like for us
before we came to Virgil?
I remember.
We were all alone.
We had each other.
With the whole world
against us.
The family are the only ones
who accepted us.
They gave us a home.
This isn't a home. Lily.
It's a fucking prison.
Let's go make an announcement.
If you still care for me.
for us.
I would think very seriously
about what you do next.
This might be a prison.
but it's my prison.
Watch him.
You look better this way.
I apologize
for the late announcement.
I hoped it wouldn't
come to this.
but our offering is on
the loose in the building.
Her real name is Asia Reaves.
I just dropped her picture
in the group chat.
We disabled the elevators.
Every tenant. every floor.
be on the lookout.
We need her alive.
But feel free
to make her suffer.
Asia. mark my words.
I will personally
sacrifice you...
to our Lord.
Picked another fight
you can't win.
I can't watch you die.
Get to the elevator shaft.
I'll try to distract them.
You can still make it.
Wait.
Really wish things had
turned out differently.
Maria!
Run!
You fuckers!
Maria!
How many of you are there?
Give up!
No. no! Wait! Wait!
Listen. I know you think
we're terrible people.
But if you get
to know us better.
we're actually really nice.
We spared your sister.
Look. this is my wife. Anne.
She liked you.
You remember her?
Maria?
I missed you.
I'm so sorry.
I'm really sorry.
I fucked up so badly.
-I just... I...
-It's okay. It's okay.
-I'm sorry.
-It's okay.
You should have left me.
Never.
We have
to get out of here.
We checked upstairs.
All clear.
There's no way
she could have gotten past.
Come on.
Go!
I'm sorry. Lily.
We tried our best.
Search the floor.
Ah. fuck.
Let me see.
It's fine.
Sit down.
Where did you learn
how to fight like that?
-Prison.
-Oh.
Was it tough?
Better than living with Dad.
You know he died
two years ago?
No shit.
Did you kill him?
No.
Cancer.
Look. I shouldn't have
abandoned you back then.
You needed me
to protect you from Dad.
and I wasn't there.
I swear there isn't a day
in the last ten years
that I don't regret that.
You can't fix the past.
No.
But I thought. if we don't
make it out of here tonight.
I wanted you to know that.
Send more people
to guard the entrance.
- You good?
- Yeah.
- Asia.
- Yes.
Come on! Shoot him!
Go!
Oh. my God! Oh. my God!
Fuck!
That's it.
It's over.
No. it's not.
You're ridiculous.
You need me alive
for the sacrifice. don't you?
Let Maria go.
or I'll jump.
- You can scrape up what's left.
-  -Asia. no.
So selfless.
And so misguided.
Do you even know whose life
you're fighting for?
Lily. please.
The fuck
are you talking about?
Didn't you ever think...
How exactly
did your dear sister
come from being just
another one of our sacrifices
to have a chance
to join our family?
What deal has she made?
We'll take care of you.
Do you understand?
Yes.
Splendid.
You will pledge to our Lord.
When the time comes.
you will put your name
on the list.
Then you seal
the deal with blood.
You kill your sacrifice. dear.
One death for one life.
A small price for immortality.
But if you break your word.
run away.
or don't find an offering...
our Lord will take you.
I didn't
want to hurt anyone.
But there was no way
out of this deal.
I committed
my soul to the Devil.
Isabelle Davison.
a woman from my last job.
was supposed
to be my sacrifice.
Oh. it's a small tradition.
But instead.
you showed up.
One of our maids
will be rewarded tonight
for her dedication.
And now.
I'm out of time.
To Isabelle's memory.
To Isabelle.
-Salud.
Without
a sacrifice tonight...
...I'm dead.
I feel sorry for you. Asia.
Honestly.
All this for nothing.
Take them.
-No. No. no. no.
-Come on. Move!
No! No! No!
Now we go see the head.
If he asks. just play along.
I hope he's in a good mood.
Pig on a stick?
Really?
Show some goddamn respect.
The unclean spirit
entered the swine.
My Lord. we have
a new offering for you.
Fuck me.
We also brought you
Ray and Maria. my Lord.
They both have betrayed us.
It was a lapse in judgment.
m'Lord.
Ray felt sorry for the girl.
Liar.
Ray is out.
Kill him. Lily.
Or die.
No. please.
I beg of you.
No. no. No.
I can't let you go.
I made my choice.
Now it's your turn. darling.
Now. girls.
Maria...
your time has come.
I'm sorry. m'Lord.
I shouldn't have helped her.
Please give me another chance.
I'll do whatever it takes.
What?
Then kill your sister.
Maria.
Please.
I'm sorry.
Write your name.
Join us.
Thank you. m'Lord.
Now...
seal the deal.
I wish we had more time.
This is the only way.
I'm so sorry.
Is she dead?
Looks pretty dead to me.
One death for one life.
Maria
sacrificed herself
to make Asia immortal!
Holy fuck.
Get the skin! Erase her name!
Dude.
Ha! Help me. my Lord.
You want to play with swords?
Let's play.
Hey. Butthead.
you should have left me.
I'd still be alive.
I died because of you.
Leave...
my sister...
alone.
I want my sister back.
Of course you do.
You know the deal.
One death for one life.
I think we can
do better than that.
Shit.
Just a flesh wound.
Oh. no.
I'll see you...
in hell...
Asia Reaves.
I fucking hope so. bitch.
If I were you. I'd clear out.
What happened in there?
Rich people.
Hmm.
Hey. I'm... I'm...
I'm just so sorry
for your loss.
I could take you
wherever you...
What is that?
What the fuck is that?
Jesus Christ!
Maria.
What happened?
Well. that's a great question.
because you were
just fuckin' dead!
I changed
my name to yours.
And I killed
all those motherfuckers.
What the hell
are you two talking about?
I told you.
I'm never gonna
leave you again.
You know what?
I don't want to know.
Fuck it.
Fuck it!
Where we going?
As far away
from here as possible.
I actually wouldn't
mind some breakfast.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm